RN 37050 (#1935)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/Visualizations/Available_visualizations/Feeds/TimeRangeFeed.md

   - *Show refresh timer*: Determines whether an indication is displayed that the data will be refreshed.

>    - *Presets*: Available from DataMiner 10.3.10/10.4.0 onwards. Allows you to customize the presets displayed when selecting the component in read mode. The available presets for selection are: *Still busy*, *In the past*, *Recently*, *Long run*, *Starting from now*, *Near future*, and *Distant future*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - *Presets*: Available from DataMiner 10.3.10/10.4.0 onwards. Allows you to customize the presets displayed when you select the component in read mode. The following presets are available: *Still busy*, *In the past*, *Recently*, *Long run*, *Starting from now*, *Near future*, and *Distant future*.
```

>    - *Presets*: Available from DataMiner 10.3.10/10.4.0 onwards. Allows you to customize the presets displayed when selecting the component in read mode. The available presets for selection are: *Still busy*, *In the past*, *Recently*, *Long run*, *Starting from now*, *Near future*, and *Distant future*.

Reviewer 2: Don't think we have to specify "in read mode", a user who is editing/configuring the timerange component can also open the overlay and see the presets.

     > [!NOTE]

>      > Prior to DataMiner 10.3.10/10.4.0, the default presets in read mode include *Still busy*, *In the past*, *Recently*, and *Long run*. These presets cannot be edited.

Reviewer 2: Same here
